vsc-extension-quickstart.md, before:

# Welcome to your VS Code Extension

## What's in the folder

-   This folder contains all of the files necessary for your extension.
-   `package.json` - this is the manifest file in which you declare your extension and command.
    -   The sample plugin registers a command and defines its title and command name. With this information VS Code can show the command in the command palette. It doesn’t yet need to load the plugin.
-   `src/extension.ts` - this is the main file where you will provide the implementation of your command.
    -   The file exports one function, `activate`, which is called the very first time your extension is activated (in this case by executing the command). Inside the `activate` function we call `registerCommand`.
    -   We pass the function containing the implementation of the command as the second parameter to `registerCommand`.

## Get up and running straight away

-   Press `F5` to open a new window with your extension loaded.
-   Run your command from the command palette by pressing (`Ctrl+Shift+P` or `Cmd+Shift+P` on Mac) and typing `Hello World`.
-   Set breakpoints in your code inside `src/extension.ts` to debug your extension.
-   Find output from your extension in the debug console.

## Make changes

-   You can relaunch the extension from the debug toolbar after changing code in `src/extension.ts`.
-   You can also reload (`Ctrl+R` or `Cmd+R` on Mac) the VS Code window with your extension to load your changes.

## Explore the API

-   You can open the full set of our API when you open the file `node_modules/@types/vscode/index.d.ts`.

## Run tests

-   Open the debug viewlet (`Ctrl+Shift+D` or `Cmd+Shift+D` on Mac) and from the launch configuration dropdown pick `Extension Tests`.
-   Press `F5` to run the tests in a new window with your extension loaded.
-   See the output of the test result in the debug console.
-   Make changes to `src/test/suite/extension.test.ts` or create new test files inside the `test/suite` folder.
    -   The provided test runner will only consider files matching the name pattern `**.test.ts`.
    -   You can create folders inside the `test` folder to structure your tests any way you want.

## Go further

-   [Follow UX guidelines](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/ux-guidelines/overview) to create extensions that seamlessly integrate with VS Code's native interface and patterns.
-   Reduce the extension size and improve the startup time by [bundling your extension](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/working-with-extensions/bundling-extension).
-   [Publish your extension](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/working-with-extensions/publishing-extension) on the VS Code extension marketplace.
-   Automate builds by setting up [Continuous Integration](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/working-with-extensions/continuous-integration).

Commit message:

chore: update node version (#45)
* chore: update node version

* chore: update pkg.json

* chore: use yarn

* chore: fix action

* chore: greater than 20

* chore: fix arg

* chore: add git attribute

* chore: upgrade deps

* chore: fix husky

* chore: fix format

---------

Co-authored-by: Pylon <syncher.pylon.peng@sap.com>

vsc-extension-quickstart.md, after:

# Welcome to your VS Code Extension

## What's in the folder

- This folder contains all of the files necessary for your extension.
- `package.json` - this is the manifest file in which you declare your extension and command.
    - The sample plugin registers a command and defines its title and command name. With this information VS Code can show the command in the command palette. It doesn’t yet need to load the plugin.
- `src/extension.ts` - this is the main file where you will provide the implementation of your command.
    - The file exports one function, `activate`, which is called the very first time your extension is activated (in this case by executing the command). Inside the `activate` function we call `registerCommand`.
    - We pass the function containing the implementation of the command as the second parameter to `registerCommand`.

## Get up and running straight away

- Press `F5` to open a new window with your extension loaded.
- Run your command from the command palette by pressing (`Ctrl+Shift+P` or `Cmd+Shift+P` on Mac) and typing `Hello World`.
- Set breakpoints in your code inside `src/extension.ts` to debug your extension.
- Find output from your extension in the debug console.

## Make changes

- You can relaunch the extension from the debug toolbar after changing code in `src/extension.ts`.
- You can also reload (`Ctrl+R` or `Cmd+R` on Mac) the VS Code window with your extension to load your changes.
- After making changes to the code, run `yarn compile` to build the extension.

## Explore the API

- You can open the full set of our API when you open the file `node_modules/@types/vscode/index.d.ts`.

## Run tests

- Open the debug viewlet (`Ctrl+Shift+D` or `Cmd+Shift+D` on Mac) and from the launch configuration dropdown pick `Extension Tests`.
- Press `F5` to run the tests in a new window with your extension loaded.
- See the output of the test result in the debug console.
- You can also run tests from the terminal using `yarn test`.
- Make changes to `src/test/suite/extension.test.ts` or create new test files inside the `test/suite` folder.
    - The provided test runner will only consider files matching the name pattern `**.test.ts`.
    - You can create folders inside the `test` folder to structure your tests any way you want.

## Go further

- [Follow UX guidelines](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/ux-guidelines/overview) to create extensions that seamlessly integrate with VS Code's native interface and patterns.
- Reduce the extension size and improve the startup time by [bundling your extension](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/working-with-extensions/bundling-extension).
- [Publish your extension](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/working-with-extensions/publishing-extension) on the VS Code extension marketplace.
- Automate builds by setting up [Continuous Integration](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/working-with-extensions/continuous-integration).
